Add source for 'elastic.co/guide' to 'docs/guide' (#304)
elastic/eland: docs/guide/overview.asciidoc

[[overview]]
== Overview

> Eland is a Python client and toolkit for DataFrames and Machine Learning in {es}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eland is a Python client and toolkit for DataFrames and {ml} in {es}.
```

Full documentation is available on https://eland.readthedocs.io[Read the Docs].
Source code is available on https://github.com/elastic/eland[GitHub].

[discrete]
=== Compatibility

> The library is compatible with all Elasticsearch versions since `7.6.x` but you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library is compatible with all {es} versions since `7.6.x` but you
```

**have to use a matching major version**:

The recommended way to set your requirements in your `setup.py` or
`requirements.txt` is::

    # Elasticsearch 7.x
    eland>=7,<8

> Because Eland uses some experimental APIs for Machine Learning it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Eland uses some experimental APIs for {ml} it
```

is also recommended to install the same major and minor for `elasticsearch-py`
as your cluster. For example if your cluster is v7.8.1 you would install
like so::

    $ python -m pip install 'eland>=7,<8' 'elasticsearch>=7.8,<7.9'

[discrete]
=== Getting Started

> Create a `DataFrame` object connected to an Elasticsearch cluster running on `localhost:9200`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `DataFrame` object connected to an {es} cluster running on `localhost:9200`:
```

                  AvgTicketPrice  Cancelled                     timestamp
Carrier                                                                  
ES-Air                630.235816   0.129814 2018-01-21 20:45:00.200000000
JetBeats              627.457373   0.134698 2018-01-21 14:43:18.112400635
Logstash Airways      624.581974   0.125188 2018-01-21 16:14:50.711798340
------------------------------------

[discrete]
=== License

Licensed to Elasticsearch B.V. under one or more contributor
license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
this work for additional information regarding copyright
ownership. Elasticsearch B.V. licenses this file to you under
the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may
not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations

> under the License.

Reviewer: I would be in favor of removing the licensing info. We'll remove the `License` sections from the rest of the Client books, too.

Author: Got it!
